Replace `setuptools` with `scikit-build-core` and CMake. (#73)
y-scope/clp-ffi-py: CMakeLists.txt

Reviewer: Let's also modify the Taskfile:
- Add `CMakeLists.txt` and `pyproject.toml` to the sources of `wheel`.
- Add `export SKBUILD_BUILD_DIR="{{.WHEEL_BUILD_DIR}}"` before `python3 -m build`.

Author: Done. Also realized I need to update the workflow file to remove "setup.py" and include "CMakeLists.txt"

Reviewer: Also, this file is using CRLF instead of LF.

Author: Fixed using `sed -i 's/\r$//' CMakeLists.txt`, should be fixed unless god gpt lies to me again, lol

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.26...3.30)

# Define the variables necessary to build and install the project differently depending on whether
# the project is being configured from scikit-build-core. If configured from outside
# scikit-build-core, we need to use placeholder values for the variables that are usually defined
# by scikit-build-core.
if(DEFINED SKBUILD_PROJECT_NAME)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS ON CACHE BOOL "Enable installing the built libraries." FORCE)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_PROJECT_NAME
        ${SKBUILD_PROJECT_NAME}
        CACHE STRING
        "The name of the project parsed by scikit-build-core."
        FORCE
    )
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION
        ${SKBUILD_PROJECT_VERSION}
        CACHE STRING
        "The version of the project parsed by scikit-build-core."
        FORCE
    )
else()

>     set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS OFF CACHE BOOL "Disable installing the built library." FORCE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS OFF CACHE BOOL "Disable installing the built libraries." FORCE)
```

    set(CLP_FFI_PY_PROJECT_NAME "clp-ffi-py" CACHE STRING "Use a placeholder project name." FORCE)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION "0.0.0" CACHE STRING "Use a placeholder version." FORCE)
    set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS
        ON
        CACHE BOOL
        "Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation."
        FORCE
    )
endif()

project(${CLP_FFI_PY_PROJECT_NAME} LANGUAGES CXX VERSION ${CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION})

# C-extension modules will be compiled as shared libraries. To enable dynamic linking, all libraries
# (including the static ones) must be compiled with the position-independent-code option.
set(CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE ON CACHE BOOL "Compile libraries using PIC.")

find_package(
    Python
    REQUIRED
    COMPONENTS
        Interpreter
        Development.Module
)

set(CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR "native")
python_add_library(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    MODULE
    WITH_SOABI
)

target_compile_features(${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR} PRIVATE cxx_std_20)

set(SRC_ROOT "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/src")
set(CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR "${SRC_ROOT}/clp_ffi_py")
set(CLP_CORE_ROOT "${SRC_ROOT}/clp/components/core")

add_subdirectory(${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/string_utils)

> # Note: we don't add headers here since they are not considered to be a part of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: We don't add headers here since CLP core is technically a library we're using, not a part of
# this project.
```

set(CLP_FFI_PY_CLP_CORE_SOURCES
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/BufferReader.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/decoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/encoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/utils.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/encoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ir/parsing.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ReaderInterface.cpp
)

> # Note: headers should be included to allow CLion loads the project properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: We include headers to ensure IDEs like CLion load the project properly.
```

    set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS OFF CACHE BOOL "Disable installing the built libraries." FORCE)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_PROJECT_NAME "clp-ffi-py" CACHE STRING "Use a placeholder project name." FORCE)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION "0.0.0" CACHE STRING "Use a placeholder version." FORCE)
    set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS
        ON
        CACHE BOOL
        "Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation."
        FORCE
    )
endif()

project(${CLP_FFI_PY_PROJECT_NAME} LANGUAGES CXX VERSION ${CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION})

# C-extension modules will be compiled as shared libraries. To enable dynamic linking, all libraries
# (including the static ones) must be compiled with the position-independent-code option.
set(CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE ON CACHE BOOL "Compile libraries using PIC.")

find_package(
    Python
    REQUIRED
    COMPONENTS
        Interpreter
        Development.Module
)

set(CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR "native")
python_add_library(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    MODULE
    WITH_SOABI
)

target_compile_features(${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR} PRIVATE cxx_std_20)

set(CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/src")
set(CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR "${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_DIR}/clp_ffi_py")

> set(CLP_CORE_ROOT "${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_DIR}/clp/components/core")

Reviewer: As discussed offline and in the comment from the previous review, this should probably be `CLP_FFI_PY_CLP_CORE_SRC_DIR`.

Author: Renamed to `CLP_FFI_PY_CLP_CORE_DIR`. Strictly speaking the source directory is under core directory, so it's not `SRC_DIR`

# Minimum cmake version required by scikit-build-core: 3.15

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.15)

Reviewer: Why do we want to support such a low version of CMake? Folks usually [recommend](https://cliutils.gitlab.io/modern-cmake/chapters/basics.html#minimum-version) choosing a version of CMake that's at least as new as the compiler we support.

We should also specify the maximum version that we've tested with using the range synta `A..B`.

Author: GCC 10.1 2020 
clang 7.0 2018
MSVC 1930 2022

I will set the minimum requirement to 3.26, which is formally released in 2023. It should be available through pip and scikit-build-core will resolve it if the system's version is lower than 3.26.

Reviewer: What's the minimum compiler version we're supporting?

> set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS ON CACHE BOOL "Whether to install the built libraries." FORCE)

Reviewer: Can we move this into the `if` as:
`set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS ON CACHE BOOL "Enable installing the built libraries." FORCE)`

It's a bit awkward to set this outside and then override it only in the `else`.

> if(DEFINED SKBUILD_PROJECT_NAME)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Define the variables necessary to build and install the project differently depending on whether
# the project is being configured from scikit-build-core. If configured from outside
# scikit-build-core, we need to use placeholder values for the variables that are usually defined
# by scikit-build-core.
if(DEFINED SKBUILD_PROJECT_NAME)
```

>     set(CLP_FFI_PY

Reviewer: How about `CLP_FFI_PY_PROJECT_NAME`?

        ${SKBUILD_PROJECT_NAME}
        CACHE STRING

>         "Use scikit-build-core's project name."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "The name of the project parsed by scikit-build-core."
```

        FORCE
    )
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION
        ${SKBUILD_PROJECT_VERSION}
        CACHE STRING

>         "Use scikit-build-core's project version."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "The version of the project parsed by scikit-build-core."
```

        FORCE
    )
else()
    # The project is configured outside of scikit-build-core. Normally this is for build testing
    # purpose, or loading the project into CLion. We don't install the built library in this config.

>     message(WARNING "Configured outside of scikit-build-core. Library installation is disabled.")

Reviewer: I think we can drop this comment in favour of the one I suggested outside the if-else. I think we can also drop this log since even if you wanted to install the library through your IDE, you still wouldn't be able to generate a wheel (which is what scikit-build seems to do), so I don't really see why you would want to install the library in the first place.

    set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS
        OFF
        CACHE BOOL

>         "Disable library installation when building outside of scikit-build-core."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Disable installing the built library."
```

        FORCE
    )

>     set(CLP_FFI_PY "clp-ffi-py-local-build" CACHE STRING "Use local build name." FORCE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(CLP_FFI_PY "clp-ffi-py" CACHE STRING "Use a placeholder project name." FORCE)
```

>     set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION "0.0.0" CACHE STRING "Version info is unused for local build." FORCE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION "0.0.0" CACHE STRING "Use a placeholder version." FORCE)
```

    set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS
        ON
        CACHE BOOL
        "Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation."
        FORCE
    )
endif()

project(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY}
    LANGUAGES

>         C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Unless we have C source files in the project?

>         CXX
>         C

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
        C
        CXX
```

    VERSION ${CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION}
)

# C-extension modules will be compiled as shared libraries. To enable dynamic linking, all libraries

> # (including the static ones) must be compiled with position-independent-code option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (including the static ones) must be compiled with the position-independent-code option.
```

set(CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE ON CACHE BOOL "Compile libraries using PIC.")

> # Find Python interpreter, compiler and development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

find_package(
    Python
    REQUIRED
    COMPONENTS
        Interpreter
        Development.Module
)

> set(CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR "native" CACHE STRING "The name of IR native library")

Reviewer: How about `CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_NAME`?

> set(CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR "native" CACHE STRING "The name of IR native library")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR "native")
```

I don't think we need to use a docstring for this, do we? I guess maybe it aids debugging if you wanted to print out all the variables used in the script, but documenting every variable just seems like an excessive amount of work. If I needed to print out all variables, I would rather define a simple CMake function to do so.

python_add_library(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    MODULE
    WITH_SOABI
)

target_compile_features(${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR} PRIVATE cxx_std_20)

> set(SRC_ROOT "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/src" CACHE STRING "Root path of C++ source code")

Reviewer: How about `CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_DIR`?

We've been trying to prefix all variables defined by us with the project name. This avoids conflicts with variables defined by things we include/use/etc.

Reviewer: @LinZhihao-723 Seems this comment wasn't addressed?

> set(SRC_ROOT "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/src" CACHE STRING "Root path of C++ source code")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(SRC_ROOT "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/src")
```

> set(CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT

Reviewer: How about `CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR`?

    "${SRC_ROOT}/clp_ffi_py"

>     CACHE STRING
>     "Root path of clp-ffi-py's C++ source code"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

)

> set(CLP_CORE_ROOT "${SRC_ROOT}/clp/components/core" CACHE STRING "Root path of CLP core")

Reviewer: How about `CLP_FFI_PY_CLP_CORE_SRC_DIR`?

> set(CLP_CORE_ROOT "${SRC_ROOT}/clp/components/core" CACHE STRING "Root path of CLP core")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(CLP_CORE_ROOT "${SRC_ROOT}/clp/components/core")
```

add_subdirectory(${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/string_utils)

> # Source files of clp-ffi-core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # Note: we don't add headers hear since they are not considered to be a part of the project.

Reviewer: Why aren't they considered part of the project? I know CMake ignores header files, so I would imagine the only reason to add header files is if your IDE needs them to understand the project.

Author: The reason to include the source files from clp core for compilation is we don't have clp-ffi-core library yet. Strictly speaking clp-ffi-core is an external library that we use; we're not supposed to modify any source/header files. As a result, the headers shouldn't be a part of the project. This doesn't affect CLion's code navigation, i.e., you can still jump to the declaration of a clp-ffi-core function in the IDE because CLion resolves the include path. But these headers are just like any C++ standard library headers, you're not supposed to make any changes, and CLion will try to tell you they are not a part of the project.

> set(SOURCE_FILES_CLP_FFI_CORE

Reviewer: How about `CLP_FFI_PY_CLP_CORE_SOURCES`?

    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/BufferReader.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/decoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/encoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/utils.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ffi/encoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ir/parsing.cpp
    ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp/ReaderInterface.cpp
)

> # Header files and source files of clp-ffi-py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Note: headers should be included to allow CLion loads the project properly.

> set(SOURCE_FILES_CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR

Reviewer: How about `CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SOURCES`?

Author: Prefered to use `CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR_SOURCES` in case we have other C-extension libraries in the future

> set(SOURCE_FILES_CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR

Reviewer: For me, I don't need to specify the header files in order for CLion to pick them up. That said, if I open a header file directly, CLion may not understand that it's part of the project until I open a file where it's included. I'm fine if we want to list headers in the CMakeLists.txt but then we should probably do it for the CLP sources too, right?

Author: 1. I'd prefer to add headers here
2. CLP sources are different, as explained in the reply of the previous comment

    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyLogEvent.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyLogEvent.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyMetadata.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyMetadata.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyQuery.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyQuery.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/Query.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/Query.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/serialization_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/serialization_methods.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/modules/ir_native.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/Py_utils.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/Py_utils.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/PyObjectCast.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/PyObjectUtils.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/Python.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/utils.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/utils.hpp
)

target_sources(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    PRIVATE
        ${SOURCE_FILES_CLP_FFI_CORE}
        ${SOURCE_FILES_CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
)

target_include_directories(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    SYSTEM
    PRIVATE
        ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src
        ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/submodules
        ${SRC_ROOT}

> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: We mark the include directories below as system headers so that the compiler (including
# `clang-tidy`) doesn't generate warnings from them.
target_include_directories(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    SYSTEM
    PRIVATE
        ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src
        ${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/submodules
)

target_include_directories(
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    PRIVATE
        ${SRC_ROOT}
)
```

target_link_libraries(${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR} PRIVATE clp::string_utils)

if(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS)
    install(
        TARGETS
            ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
            DESTINATION
            ${CLP_FFI_PY}/ir
            COMPONENT

>             PythonModule

Reviewer: What does this do / where is this documented?

Author: Sorry it's from this example and I directly copied the install command: https://github.com/scikit-build/scikit-build-core/blob/main/tests/packages/simplest_c/CMakeLists.txt
Seems like it might not be necessary

> # Minimum cmake version required by scikit-build-core: 3.15

Reviewer 2: I feel we can remove this and only keep the 3.17 comment

Author: I just realized we can set it to 3.15. If the version is lower than 3.26, `scikit-build-core` will ensure FindPython is backported: https://github.com/scikit-build/scikit-build-core

# Minimum cmake version required by `Python_SOABI`: 3.17

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.17)

Reviewer 2: If I remember correctly, the default CMake version on Ubuntu 20.04 is 3.16. Do we need to specify Ubuntu 22.04 LTS in the `Requirements` section in the README?

Author: https://scikit-build-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html#cmake-and-ninja-minimum-versions
If we set a minimum version here, `scikit-build-core` will download the compatible cmake via PyPI if possible

set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS ON CACHE BOOL "Whether to install the built libraries." FORCE)

if (DEFINED SKBUILD_PROJECT_NAME)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY ${SKBUILD_PROJECT_NAME} CACHE STRING
            "Use scikit-build-core's project name." FORCE)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION ${SKBUILD_PROJECT_VERSION} CACHE STRING
            "Use scikit-build-core's project version." FORCE)
else()
    # The project is configured outside of scikit-build-core. Normally this is for build testing
    # purpose, or loading the project into CLion. We don't install the built library in this config.
    message(WARNING "Configured outside of scikit-build-core. Library installation is disabled.")
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_INSTALL_LIBS OFF CACHE BOOL
            "Disable library installation when building outside of scikit-build-core." FORCE)
    set(CLP_FFI_PY "clp-ffi-py-local-build" CACHE STRING "Use local build name." FORCE)

>     set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION "0.0.12" CACHE STRING "Use local build version." FORCE)

Reviewer 2: we probably don't need a specific version number here / don't want to update those in the future since we're specifying those fallbacks only for IDE setups?
```suggestion
    set(CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION "0.0.0" CACHE STRING "Use local build version." FORCE)
```

    # Enable compile commands by default if the generator supports it.

>     if (NOT CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS AND CMAKE_GENERATOR MATCHES "Ninja|Unix Makefiles")

Reviewer 2: I could be wrong but it's probably fine to enable CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS even if the generator doesn't support it.

Author: This is copied from clp-ffi-go's CMake: https://github.com/y-scope/clp-ffi-go/blob/main/cpp/CMakeLists.txt#L8.
But you are right that the flag will be ignored if not supported: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS.html

        set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS ON CACHE BOOL
                "Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation." FORCE)
    endif()
endif()

project(${CLP_FFI_PY}
    LANGUAGES CXX C
    VERSION ${CLP_FFI_PY_VERSION}
)

# C-extension modules will be compiled as shared libraries. To enable dynamic linking, all libraries
# (including the static ones) must be compiled with position-independent-code option.
set(CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE ON CACHE BOOL "Compile libraries using PIC.")

# Find Python interpreter, compiler and development environment.

> find_package(Python COMPONENTS Interpreter Development.Module REQUIRED)

Reviewer 2: Shall we place the `REQUIRED` keyword before specifying the components?

```suggestion
find_package(Python REQUIRED COMPONENTS Interpreter Development.Module)
```

> set(CPP_SRC_ROOT "src" CACHE STRING "Path to the root of all C++ source code")

Reviewer 2: Would it be okay if we simply name it as `SRC_ROOT`?

Author: I will refactor this part in the coming commits

set(CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT "${CPP_SRC_ROOT}/clp_ffi_py" CACHE STRING
        "Path to the root of clp-ffi-py's C++ source code")
set(CLP_CORE_ROOT "src/clp/components/core" CACHE STRING "Path to CLP core's root")

> set(CLP_SRC_ROOT "${CLP_CORE_ROOT}/src/clp" CACHE STRING "Path to clp's source code")

Reviewer 2: Those do not need to be `CACHE` variables, right? Fine to keep if we are using the syntax for variable docstrings.

Author: They don't have to be `CACHE` variables. I'm using this for docstrings. clp-ffi-go's cmake did the same thing: https://github.com/y-scope/clp-ffi-go/blob/main/cpp/CMakeLists.txt#L33

python_add_library(${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR} MODULE WITH_SOABI)

target_sources(${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    PRIVATE
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/deserialization_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/Metadata.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyDeserializer.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyDeserializerBuffer.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyFourByteSerializer.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyLogEvent.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyMetadata.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/PyQuery.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/Query.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/ir/native/serialization_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/modules/ir_native.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/Py_utils.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_SRC_ROOT}/utils.cpp
    ${CLP_SRC_ROOT}/BufferReader.cpp
    ${CLP_SRC_ROOT}/ffi/ir_stream/decoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_SRC_ROOT}/ffi/ir_stream/encoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_SRC_ROOT}/ffi/ir_stream/utils.cpp
    ${CLP_SRC_ROOT}/ffi/encoding_methods.cpp
    ${CLP_SRC_ROOT}/ir/parsing.cpp
    ${CLP_SRC_ROOT}/ReaderInterface.cpp
)

target_compile_features(${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_IR}
    PRIVATE
    cxx_std_20

> )

Reviewer 2: Would it be better to place this before the source files / includes definitions? (probably right after `python_add_library`

Author: Sure, make sense
